[KNOCKING]
Oh, God.
[GROANS]
Okay.
DELIVERYMAN: We have a drop-off.
- What?
Mattress.
The lady said to bring it in.
- What lady?
YAEL: Hi, Ray.
It's a Stearns & Foster.
It has a memory foam.
The bed remembers the shape of your...
Shh!
I never asked you to buy me a bed.
I know, that's why it's called a gift.
- Go ahead.
RAY: Hold on.
This is crazy. I can't accept this.
- Why not?
- Because I don't feel comfortable with it.
You can fuck me, but you can't
take a mattress? Don't be stupid, Ray.
I'm giving you a fantastic bed
so you don't sleep like a homeless on a cot.
The cot is mine. I like it.
All right, this is my house.
This is your house.
Let's keep them separate.
If I want a bed, I'll buy one.
Take it back.
Lenore!
Excuse me.
T-Brain, what the fuck?
If you refuse to notify me when you
are meeting with a prospective client...
...I have no choice but to take matters
into my own hands.
- You followed me here?
- Yes, I did.
You never answer my calls.
You clearly scoffed at what I think...
...were very reasonable requests,
so take notice.
From now on, I will be on you
like white on rice.
I demand my place at the table.
Okay, fine, fine.
- Take off your blazer.
- What?
The blazer.
Okay, put the blazer back on.
Don't speak and follow my lead.
Listen, all I want...
All we want, any of us really,
is to be heard.
- Frances.
- So nice to meet you.
This is Tanya, my intern.
I brought her along to take notes.
I hope you don't mind.
Tanya, sweetheart,
do you mind getting us some tea?
[YELPS]
Frances, I get it. As a life coach...
...I have worked with dozens
of women your age.
You are still young and vibrant...
...but people insist on seeing you
as an older woman.
Thank you, Tanya.
Can I get two Equals, please?
- I'm not the waiter, Lenore.
- Great.
I want to help you seize your future...
...to create fulfillment in all areas
of your life. How does that sound?
- I'm not sure I know what you mean.
LENORE: Of course not.
After my divorce, I was at sea...
...floating, depressed.
But then I went on a journey to myself.
At this very special spa
outside Tucson, Frances...
...you will see God in the desert.
When I was there, I remembered
what it was to be vital, to be free.
I can get you a discount if you want.
I have a friend.
Or you could take
a very special journey...
...right here in Detroit, very discreet.
- What my intern is trying to say...
- Why take an expensive trip...
...when we can offer you pleasure
right here in Detroit?
Pure sexual pleasure, guilt-free.
- Oh!
- I'm sorry. I think Tanya's confused.
No, why should we beat
around the bush? Let's be honest.
- I'm proud of our product.
- When you said life coach...
...I didn't realize.
TANYA: No, I know.
Frances, it sounds radical,
but if you just give it some thought...
I have been trying to have tea
with that woman for six months.
I had to join a book club.
You weren't even selling Ray.
You were calling me your intern.
I called you intern because you have no idea
how to speak to a woman like that.
Pure sexual pleasure?
This isn't Horny Patty.
You can't just pull out a picture
of a big dick and swipe her credit card.
This is a wealthy woman.
We are selling a lifestyle.
Tucson is the gateway to dick.
Have some fucking class.
I have class.
I'm extremely fucking classy.
Oh, my God.
Oh! Oh, my God, that's amazing.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, you are a great screw, Richard.
[PHONE RINGING]
Whew!
- Wow. Again.
- Your mother.
Mm-mm. Peter. That's the second time
he's called while you were here.
Are you hungry?
RAY: How do you feel about that?
- About what?
Your husband calling.
It's fine. I think he wants to come back.
That's why he keeps calling.
He moved out and now he...
And now?
I thought it was just a fight.
I told him to leave.
Then three days...
I mean, three weeks went by and he...
Who leaves his wife
when she's pregnant?
Sit.
But it sounds like maybe
he might not want to leave.
- Right.
- So you just want to move on?
Should I?
I don't know. I...
I mean, I don't have all the details.
Never mind. I'm having fun.
I get excited thinking about
when you're coming over.
I like the way you smell.
I like the way you leave
your smell on me.
I like the feel of your cock.
I like working on the nursery
and getting screwed every day.
If Peter comes home,
I'll just be working on the nursery.
[CLAIRE SIGHS]
RAY:
I feel like an asshole.
TANYA:
Why, Ray? Lenore says Claire is very happy.
This woman, she won't call
her husband back because of me.
- How do you know that?
- She told me, Tanya.
This woman is pregnant.
I might be ruining her life.
- Or maybe you're saving it.
- I am not saving it.
I... I gotta go. Hey, guys, guys, guys!
- In the vans.
BOY: Yeah!
All right.
That's the way you play baseball!
Two and 0, men. Two and 0.
- Come on.
- Ray.
RAY: Seat belts, guys.
MIKE: Who paid for the vans?
That was money I saved up
for the house.
The school didn't want to pay
for buses so I got creative.
- It's only 400 bucks.
- Ray.
These guys aren't union.
They got no insurance.
Somebody's gonna find out
and rain shit on both of us.
Don't worry so much.
One game at a time.
- Okay.
- Okay?
Want to go to Shakers tonight,
celebrate?
Ladies' night, dollar drinks.
- I got plans.
- What plans?
You live like a hermit.
Stop depriving yourself.
Everyone needs a little female loving
from time to time, huh?
That's me, Mike. Deprived.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Weird. It wasn't anybody.
What's that for?
Darby ask me to make cake.
- What for?
- I don't ask question.
- I make cake.
- She can be so...
...hurtful.
- Teenagers hate everybody.
Pent-up hormones.
Once they have sex, they calm down.
You were a happy teenager
because you were slut.
I would not call myself a slut.
It was a long time ago.
Maybe. What are you doing
with ex-husband?
- What do you mean?
- He call you. You go bowling tonight.
I listen to voicemail on your cell phone.
Mother, you have got to stop doing that.
It is an invasion of privacy.
Old Polish saying:
"You want husband, open your legs.
You want divorce, open your mouth."
It's just bowling.
I can be married to Ronnie
and be friends with Ray.
No, friends with first husband,
goodbye second husband.
YAEL:
You're such a stubborn.
How long are you going
to leave my gift outside, huh?
It's not a gift if I refuse to take it.
RAY: I always loved when I would
arrive places early...
...and she would show late.
I'd watch her as she looked for me.
I knew it wasn't, but somehow
it just felt like date night.
I remember that shirt.
- Yeah?
- Mm.
- You remember this one?
- Oh.
Ray...
- Try it on.
- No.
- It's not gonna fit.
- Sure, it will.
It must have shrunk.
RAY:
A date night with your kids...
Oh, you guys. You here to bowl?
DAMON: Yeah.
- All right.
RAY:
- And your ex-mother-in-law...
...and some random Polish lady.
And, yeah...
...date night was officially fucked.
Well, I guess we're gonna need
two lanes.
How much we playing for?
JESSICA:
Whoo! Mom!
[ALL CHEERING]
JESSICA:
Whoo!
Show us how it's done, Darb.
Okay.
- I haven't done this since high school.
- It's okay.
Just look at the arrows, not the pins.
RAY:
Good old date night at Bertson's.
My turn. Time to pay the reaper.
I lost 20 bucks to Lotte,
just like old times.
Except for that.
It wasn't like old times at all.
"Use Screw A
to attach Leg A to Shaft B."
- All right.
- Sounds kind of dirty.
- Some kind of mind you got there.
- Oh, I'm the only one who thought it?
Shaft?
- What does that make you think of?
- Me?
Cribs.
[CLAIRE CHUCKLES]
[PHONE RINGING]
- Why don't you get it?
- Nope, I don't wanna know.
I think you should pick it up.
I didn't ask for your opinion, Richard.
Look, he left me.
- See what he's got to say. Why?
- Doesn't matter.
He got laid off
and he couldn't handle it.
He abandoned me
seven months pregnant.
Claire, a lot of guys...
...they get freaked out
if they lose their job.
A lot of how we see ourselves
is tied up in that shit.
Guess what. We don't need the money.
I have plenty of money. We had it when
we got married. I didn't have to work.
Well, that just makes him feel
like a loser.
Whoa. Why do you give a rat's ass
about my husband?
- I don't want to talk about it.
- Maybe he wants you back.
- This is none of your business.
- Maybe he loves you.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Can you not see
that this is not sexy?
This is not sexy!
- Yes?
- Hi, Frances.
It's Tanya. Lenore's associate.
I'm sorry to come by unannounced...
...but we just wanted to stop by
and bring over this "thank you" basket.
It's just... It's a part of what we do.
Or you could think of it
as an "I'm sorry" basket...
...in case there was
anything inappropriate...
...or if we overstepped in any way.
All right.
I really don't have a need for it.
Do you think I could use your restroom?
There's a Starbucks
right down the road.
I know, I know, but I'm just really prone
to bladder infections...
...and it's just truly bad for me to hold it.
[TOILET FLUSHING]
[TANYA SIGHS]
Whew. Thank you so much. Much better.
Whew.
Wow, you still have
your Christmas tree up?
In April? Well, that's amazing.
What a great idea. Every morning
you wake up, it's Christmas.
My husband died on Christmas Eve.
I don't feel like throwing it out.
I'm sorry.
[FRANCES CLEARS THROAT]
- Here.
- Wow, you're giving me a...
They're all from him.
I gave one to the water-bottle man...
...and one to the rat-control fellow.
Uh...
Thank you. That's really nice.
It is what it is.
You know,
it's great I got you a gift too, right?
You know, these croissants have
words of wisdom baked into each one.
You were the inspiration
for this entire basket.
I'm diabetic.
Allow me, then.
Mm.
Let's see what this one says.
[SPEAKS IN FRENCH]
That's Edith Piaf.
- I don't speak French.
- Me neither.
But I do know what this means.
It means "I regret nothing."
Plus I thought Piaf was relevant
given that she's French...
...and this is a croissant.
Do you need anything else from me?
Is that a way of saying
you want me to...
...go?
Frances, one more thing.
One more thing.
Before I go, I'm 42.
And when I'm Ionely,
I don't want to go somewhere romantic...
...or exotic,
where I'm going to be even Ionelier.
What I want, what I really need,
what makes me happy...
...is to be held, to be fucked...
...to have someone
to be close to me.
And we have that... Our business does.
We have a man,
we have a beautiful man.
He can do that for you.
Let me get my card.
I'll be going now.
LENORE:
Okay, Ray, it's my fault.
I confused you with my talk
on stripper theory.
So let me simplify.
Your job is to take your penis...
...and stick it in Claire's vagina
when she tells you to...
...and take it out when she tells you to.
You're not her shrink.
You are not her marriage counselor.
You are not her priest.
What you think doesn't matter.
She's not paying you to think.
Maybe she's paying you
to look like you're thinking...
...but really she's paying
for your dick.
Yeah, and my dick...
...and my brain are attached, Lenore.
- Then sever the tie.
- Have you ever done it?
- What?
- Had sex for money.
No.
Claire is an excellent customer.
Don't tell her she should go back
to her husband ever again.
When you see her on Friday,
you need to apologize.
I'm not doing this, Lenore.
And besides, even if I wanted to,
I can't because I got a game this Friday.
- I'm a coach.
- You're a coach and a whore, Ray.
Coach first.
Wait, what's going on?
- The meeting's over. You missed it.
- What do you mean the meeting's over?
- You said 5.
- I said 4.
Lenore, I know you said 5.
I'm not your intern.
Ray and I were both there at 4,
so clearly you're the one that was wrong.
- What is that?
- What?
- Let me see that.
- No.
- Let me see it.
- What? It's a sweater. I was cold.
Where did you get it?
It's none of your business.
I got it from a friend...
...who gave it to me for Christmas.
That's a Lanvin sweater, Tanya.
- Do you even know what a Lanvin is?
- Yeah, I know.
Of course I know what a Lanvin is.
Then you know you can't afford it.
And neither can any of your friends.
Um...
You don't know who my friends are.
Really. And Frances can afford it.
That's right, that Frances.
Frances gave you a Lanvin sweater?
Yes, she did. She gave it to me
when I went over to her house...
...to talk business.
I found her address and I went over...
...and I brought lyric croissants
and I took a chance...
...and I saw this look in her eye
and I think I sold her.
Lenore, I sold her on Ray.
You saw Frances behind my back?
Yeah.
So?
Wow.
I mean, I didn't do it to be mean. I'm trying
to be collaborative with you and Ray...
It's okay. I'm just disappointed.
- That's all.
- Wait.
Something tells me you're not
gonna enjoy that sweater, T-Brain.
It's bad karma and the color's all wrong
for your complexion.
Darb.
I've been thinking about
what you said the other day.
About how I live my whole life
through men.
Yeah, I... I wasn't trying to hurt you.
Oh, I know.
Anyway, I forgive you.
- I didn't say I was sorry.
- Yeah, but you probably will.
I'll just have to wait 20 years
and I don't want to be hurt that long...
...so I'm gonna forgive the future you,
that delightful person...
...who's gonna come to me and say:
"Mom, I'm so sorry I gave you so much crap
when I was 16.
I had no idea what life was like
or how hard it would be."
Well, thanks for the ride.
Oh, it's a pretty cake.
What's it for anyway?
Somebody's birthday at the mall?
Can you pick me up after 7?
Be well.
[WOMEN SHOUTING]
WOMAN 1: I love my curvy hips.
WOMAN 2: Yeah!
WOMAN 1:
I love my big ass.
I am not lazy. I am not stupid.
Go and stuff your judgment.
I feel beautiful and I am beautiful.
I don't want to diet. I don't need to diet.
Because a diet is a cure
that doesn't work...
...for a disease that doesn't exist.
ALL: Doesn't exist!
I love my big butt.
WOMEN [CHANTING]:
I love my big ass. I love my big butt.
- Who is that?
- I love my curvy hips.
- I love my big ass.
- My mom.
- I'm sorry.
- I love my big butt.
Hi, hey, hi.
- You were supposed to pick me up at 7.
- I know.
I was going to leave
but I had to come over...
...and see what all the hoopla was about.
Oh, heard the cheering.
What a great speaker.
She's so moving.
- Is this some sort of club meeting?
- Mom.
Can you meet me in the car
in, like, 20 minutes?
- It's a movement.
- Like for black people, but for fat people.
- You girls aren't fat.
GIRL: Yes, we are.
We're beautiful. We're fat
and there's nothing wrong with it.
Okay.
Offer your mom some cake.
- She doesn't want any cake.
- Sure, she does.
Mrs. Drecker, can I offer you
a piece of Darby's cake?
Nope. And it's Haxon now. Mrs. Haxon.
- Just let her be.
- Why don't you want the cake?
I had a late lunch.
[GIRLS CHUCKLING]
JESSICA:
Why is that funny? What's so funny?
- I don't understand.
- No, Mom...
It's nothing. It's just...
It's something that skinny people say.
No, I did. At Bennigan's.
Soup, half salad, dressing on the side.
JESSICA:
I swear I'm just not hungry.
Want me to eat the cake?
I'll eat the cake.
- I'm gonna eat the cake.
- Mom, forget the cake, okay?
Just go home.
WOMEN: Fat, so what?
- Go.
Fat, so what?
Fat, so what? Fat, so what?
LENORE [ON RECORDING]:
If you've got an itch...
...you know where to scratch.
Hi, it's Jessica. Call me.
[SIGHS]
Hi.
- Look, I'm sorry if I made you mad.
- No, it's fine.
People argue.
At least you're not depressed.
- Want some wine?
- Yeah.
Look...
It's easy to say the word "ex."
"My ex-wife. My ex-husband."
But you might find you don't like the way
it feels after a little while.
Claire, you have a chance
to have a family.
Lenore said you wouldn't
talk about this anymore.
I know, but you... You think I'm so great?
You think I'm so different
than your husband?
- I don't know you, that's what's nice.
- I'm telling you. I let people down every day.
There are people depending on me
right now and I'm late...
...because I'm here.
I had a wife too, and I wish
I'd fought harder to keep her.
I don't want what happened to me
to happen to you.
I don't want to do this
with you anymore.
I'm leaving.
And I think you should give your husband
another chance.
It's not because I don't like you.
I don't care if you like me or not.
I'm not stupid.
I know what I'm paying you for.
Thousand dollars to stay.
I'm gonna cook
some macaroni and cheese...
...then we are gonna sit
and watch TV and eat it.
And then later we'll go upstairs.
And it'll be great.
Thousand bucks.
Last time.
Make it 1200.
RAY:
Sometimes when you try to sleep...
...your mind races
a million miles an hour.
And you can't shut it off.
You can't sleep no matter
how exhausted you are.
But sometimes...
...those rare lucky times...
...you just lay down and forget it all.
And sometimes a mattress
is just a mattress.
And it feels fucking great.